Added two FAQs (#113)
carissalow/rapids: docs/faq.md

    ```
???+ done "Solution"
   This is because R timezone library is not set. Please add `Sys.setenv(“TZDIR” = file.path(R.home(), “share”, “zoneinfo”))` to the file active.R in renv folder to set the timezone library. For further details on how to test if `TZDIR` is properly set, please refer to `https://github.com/tidyverse/lubridate/issues/928#issuecomment-720059233`. 
   
## Unimplemented MAX_NO_FIELD_TYPES
???+ failure "Problem"
    You get the following error when downloading Fitbit data:
    ```bash
    Error: Unimplemented MAX_NO_FIELD_TYPES
    Execution halted
    ```
???+ done "Solution"
    At the moment RMariaDB [cannot handle](https://github.com/r-dbi/RMariaDB/issues/127) MySQL columns of JSON type. Change the type of your Fitbit data column to `longtext` (note that the content will not change and will still be a JSON object just interpreted as a string).
    
## Running RAPIDS on Apple Silicon M1 Mac
???+ failure "Problem"
     You get the following error when installing pandoc or running rapids:
     ```bash
     MoSHI/rapids/renv/staging/1/00LOCK-KernSmooth/00new/KernSmooth/libs/KernSmooth.so: mach-0, but wrong architecture
     ```
???+ done "Solution"

>     All softwares need to be Intel version. In order to install Intel software via brew command, you need to install intel homebrew first. Turn on the Rosetta in the terminal, then use the installation command on Homebrew website to install homebrew. The Intel homebrew should be installed in `/usr/local/bin/brew `, you can check which brew you are using by typing `which brew`. Then using this Intel homebrew to install all other software and packages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As of Feb 2020 in M1 macs, R needs to be installed via brew under Rosetta (x86 arch) due to some incompatibility with selected R libraries. To do this, run your terminal [via Rosetta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv2ylxro7rM&t=138s), then proceed with the usual brew installation command. x86 homebrew should be installed in `/usr/local/bin/brew `, you can check which brew you are using by typing `which brew`. Then use x86 homebrew to install R and restore RAPIDS packages (`renv_restore`). 
```
